Code Critique:

The code was in general a bit difficult to work with, and took some getting used to.  The model of
it used four different classes as helpers, being cards, players, cells, and the board itself.  This
would be fine on its own, but it led to a lack of modularity in some.  The Board, despite being a
helper for the game itself, is what housed the scoring methods, despite the fact that these require
an active game to be useful.  Same with Player, a class that houses only the color of that player,
their deck, and their hand; 3 values where there is not much reason to not integrate them directly
into the class itself.  This leads to issues with extra complication for receiving the current turn,
as you instead receive a Player object, and then must look at its color. To fix these, it would be
ideal to at the very least integrate the Player object into the class, and all calls needed based on
it can be directed from it as well, with optional compression from there depending on personal
preference.  There is no inherent issues with having Board as its own object, but it may help to
think about what benefits are had from doing so, over taking the functionality of it outside its
existence as a 2D array of cells and having the game interface handle it instead.

It also lacked some implementation, namely in that it did not allow a custom hand size and defaulted
to the minimum of a third of the deck size, and did not allow random drawing from the deck as an
option, which made proper adapting difficult.  One particular issue with its design as well is two
separate methods, copyBoard and getBoard.  One issue is that for some reason, despite both only
returning a board and not directly altering the game, copyBoard is not in the ReadOnly version.
Along with this is the issue that the latter, getBoard, is intended to return the actual board being
used in the game, rather than a copy, as an exposed public method.  This is harmful design, as it
could allow a client to modify this board and the game itself outside expected calls.  Lastly,
rather than having separate interfaces for Listeners and Actions, only Listeners exist, with the
rest baked directly into other interfaces, like with the model, which is a less encapsulated way to
use the observer pattern.  Also, little note, CardClickActions sounds like an observer action class,
yet is actually a listener, which was confusing for a while, so a slight change there may make it
more clear.
To fix this, first implement the required game start details as the assignment requested, remove
getBoard entirely as only the model should be able to modify its own board, and move copyBoard to
the readOnly interface instead.  Finally take out the observer related methods from non-observer
interfaces and move them into their own for a much better overall organization with just that.

Some Javadoc in the model was also slightly unclear.  For example, it seems as if a lot
of methods are missing exception documentation for general null input cases.
Along with this, one particular method getPlayerRowScores has unclear javadoc of whether the
first index is the 0/1 indicator for red/blue, or if it is the second.  To deal with this we needed
to look into its usage in the view, which an extra sentence could've simplified.
Generally, just be sure javadoc is up to date.  It may be recommended to wait to write it until
after the method has been implemented so that details such as exceptions are easier to spot, as
they are sometimes hard to think about when just interface designing.

Some limitations were had, more so towards the end.  Outside CardClickActions, the controller
needed to directly construct all listeners within the view by adding mouse/key listeners, rather
than using a pre-constructed observer interface, which was a slog.  Along with this, the usage
of enable/disable within the interface of the view for some reason led the board panel to
seemingly stop accepting click inputs, meaning we had to remove these calls in order for it to work
properly.  The view, when refreshing, also did not automatically update scores, so the controller
had to manually do so every time the turn switched.  Lastly, there did not seem to be any feature
for actually displaying placed cards on the board.  Refreshes did not update that, and while there
seemed to be some method in the Card/Hand panel section, it required a specific point to place the
card, which does not work for updating the placement of cards the other player put down.
With this, the design of the view in general and its components were somewhat unintuitive.  Rather
than refreshing and redoing the entire board, some had multiple methods for specific changes to
the layout, as if it were being affected in the same way that a model is.  The entire reason each
requires the read only model as an input is to avoid this tedious method of updating, yet it was
done so anyway.  A better structure might involve a singular large method with some helpers in each
of these panels (not including its listeners) for updating it, and have it be called from the main
view every refresh for much easier repainting.

Thankfully these are easy fixes, and just require being more mindful of view layout in the future.
This goes for most of the critique mentioned.  It is functional, was mostly easy and fun to adapt,
although slow to do so, and while much of the issues regarding the view felt esoteric to figure out
the issues with, the actual cause behind them is not difficult to tweak and fix.
Overall, good groundwork, just a few issues here and there that made the usage of it tedious in some
places, all of which can be weeded out with a little bit of extra work.